"I build the tools for people who working for good." <- Iterate on this

I'm a engineer from Olin College with a focus in computing, learning the tools I need to build pragmatic and scalable products for social good. This summer I've been developing web-interfaces at AthenaHealth to ease the lives of the operational staff, who in turn enable doctors to make healthcare work as it should. Before that, I built web-interfaces at Grove Labs to enable non-gardners and green-thumbs alike to control a cloud-enabled aquaponic growing appliance with an aim of growing fish and vegetables in their homes.

I'm personally passionate about food, because the holy grail of affordable, local, vegetable-centric food sits at the nexus of nutrition, social justice, and ecological sustainability (and because I like to eat!). I am a founding member and co-leader of Olin's aquaponics club. In the space of a semester, we designed, built, and grew basil in a presentation-ready hydro/aquaponic system. This semester, we will permenently install a large system in Olin library as a centerpiece for monthly pesto-bar events, featuring home-grown basil. Outside of Olin, we've partnered with <School Name> to develop a system and accompanying curriculum for their 7th grade science class. I find satisfaction in not just the goal of the project, but in applying integrated mechanical, electrical, and software experience to appropriate aspects of the project. Post-college, I'll be looking for ways to scale thoroughly-sustainable agricultural systems.

To effectively tackle social challenges, I need to be equipped with the right tools. In addition to my base of software engineering, I have a particular fondness for mechanical design (see the robotic grasper project) and I have also forayed into working with electrical devices and interfacing them with software (see my 3D scanner project). Multi-disciplinary solutions extend beyond engineering as well, and I've increasingly involved myself in design and entrepreneurship (see <Startup Lockdown event>).

Ultimately, I've focused in software and particularly web-development because, with access only to a laptop, I can always work in a way that naturally scales from one written copy to thousands of users. Within my chosen domain, I've worked on a range of projects <LINKS> and in the process have navigated a wide range of tools, languages, and code-architectures. I'm more-than-willing to be dropped into a new environment and learn my way into useful work. For my own, small projects, I tend to choose to work with Python or Javascript, and prefer to control versioning with Git.